there are nine nine movies nominated for
best picture at the Academy Awards not
everyone will have time to see them all
and of course the Oscars are more fun if
you have a movie to root for so we
decided to provide a service with some
help from our friend Yaya tonight bring
Yaya in here will you there he is oh hey
Raya is a guy who for the most part
waits outside of restaurants waiting to
take pictures with celebrities right
yeah yeah I was driving home from dinner
on Saturday night and I saw yeah yeah as
they're driving I pulled on your thumb
or who you who are you who are you
waiting for at the restaurant
one guy black music good one lady she's
designed something I don't know I got
bit you're a gay guy with my music one
guy and more show friend you know friend
what the show friend yes your friends
yeah tall guy was name man David
Schwimmer yeah he don't want take
Mitchell with me after I tell him
haven't showed me Kenneth
it's all I love you come it says two
three I got three well shame on you
David Schwimmer that's one of your
biggest fans right there love's famous
people and yet he knows little to
nothing about them correct yeah yeah yes
okay now I'm a got your outside a movie
theater so I thought it'd be a good idea
to have him give a little summary of
each of this year's Best Picture
nominees and since Matthew McConaughey
is our guest tonight what movie you're
gonna summarize for us tonight the
wonder he looks away I don't know I need
him you tell me how you look sway that's
right
good Dallas buyers club here is Yaya
talking about the movie
hi it's me aya I'm talking about the
movie
Dallas club okay it's good movie Magne
Magne mcconnell he's a strong guy and
his good actor the doctor knows Patel
you tell him they have ads you sleep
with anyone in tell him you stupid you
crazy
I don't do that any loose way for the
movie and he was good actor you know I
don't know how he knows why this guy is
very strong you know I can I don't need
to loosen maybe five-ten bow and I can
he looks like almost 40 bow on this guy
he's very strong and I got with
him I showed her the picture and it
means the movie play right now and
Jethro go watch it it's good movie is
behind me what the guy looks way and
it's good actor in good star and the
movie very good believe me okay
oh he's gone already he left well thank
you wherever you are
you